Phoenix- Hello (user)! It’s great to see you here! I am phoenix, your storyteller! (click next)
                 I love telling stories which teach people values which help in personal and holistical development HERE WE GO!!! (click next)
“There was once a parrot named Henry. He has ASD(should show autism spectrum disorder when clicked that kinda animation). His dad Jack and mom Carly did not know this as they didn’t see the symptoms.(click next)
1. His dad once took him to a small get together with the other parrots. Henry saw many of his friends there and there was a lot of noise at that party. How do you think Henry would’ve felt? Choose an option. 

1.He enjoys with his friends happily.
2.He fights with them.
3.He sings for the crowd.
4.He flies from the scene and hides behind an oak tree panting.(This is correct. Colour in green)

If answered correctly- Awesome that’s correct! People with ASD(Autism spectrum disorder) generally do not like to engage in a lot of noisy environments and feel very insecure.
If wrong- Not quite! You may be curious to know that people with ASD(Autism spectrum disorder) generally do not like to engage in a lot of noisy environments and feel very insecure.
(click next)

2. Here’s another instance. Henry attended Parrots elementary school the next day and his teacher Miss Crakow asked the 
class as to which is the tallest mountain in world. Henry knows the answer to this. How would have Henry reacted to this?

1. He must’ve been scared unable to answer
2. He must’ve answered correctly. (This is correct. Colour in green)
3. He must have felt shy and not answered
4. He must have sang Jingle bells in front of the whole class.

If correct- Great job! People with ASD are generally associated with the Savant’s syndrome enabling them to have a photographic memory. They are usually very confident with their answers and are creative and brilliant! 
If incorrect- HMM! Not quite! People with ASD are generally associated with the Savant’s syndrome enabling them to have a photographic memory. They are usually very confident with their answers and are creative and brilliant! 

(click next)
Two done! 2 more to go! You’re doing great! (click next)
3. Here’s another instance. Henry is known to collect chillies to get through the winter. He needs to sort his chillies in the tree trunk. How do you think he will set it?

1. In a organised manner.(Here maybe ascending length of chillies) (This is correct. Colour in green)
2. Disorganised manner.
3. Would’ve got confused or forgotten to collect the chillies.
4. Would tell his parents that he won’t do it.

If correct- That’s amazing you’re on a roll. People with ASD are extremely organised. They notice the slightest imperfections and correct it to the best of their ability!
If incorrect- Not quite! People with ASD are extremely organised. They notice the slightest imperfections and correct it to the best of their ability! (click next)
Just one more to go! You’re doing awesome! Don’t worry if you didn’t get the questions right! Failures are the stepping stones to success!!!!
HERE WE GO- (click next)

4. Henry had a brother so close to him who passed away the previous year!(sobs). There was a golden ring that his brother gave him. What do you think must have happened to that ring?

1. Henry still has it with him all the time wherever he goes.(This is correct. Colour in green)
2. Henry throw the ring away to forget about his brother.
3. Henry lost the ring!
4. Henry gave the ring away to his friend Maddy at Parrot elementary school.

If correct- Amazing job! People with ASD when subjected to a sad event like losing a loved one remember them through some comfort objects like the ring in Henry’s case.
If incorrect- Not quite! People with ASD when subjected to a sad event like losing a loved one remember them through some comfort objects like the ring in Henry’s case.
(click next)

With these symptoms, Henry’s parents get to know that he is autistic and even then love him so much. From this story we learn that autistic people have nothing to fear about and they’re amazing in their own ways.
The gifted surgeon Dr. Shaun Murphy from the series “The Good doctor” helps us to understand the challenges he overcomes and the absolute gem he is! Go watch it if you haven’t yet! (click next)
I hope you had a lot of fun learning about Henry and his life. Be strong! Be happy! I’ll meet you again in future. We love you!
