Storyline for people with dyslexia-

Unicorn- Hi there! I am Miss Unicorn and I am a very close friend of Mr Pheonix.(click next)
I am going to tell you the story of Claudio the turtle. 

In the bank of river Ganga lives a turtle Claudio. His parents are Mr. Video and mother Mrs. Audio.
Claudio had a heart of gold and was a good turtle but he was different from the others. He never understood things told to him once and was facing issues in his academics at “The green turtle academy for education”.
Here are a few instances what his parents encountered- Help his doctor Basu with the answers to the instances to identify Dyslexia.
1.	The teacher Mrs. Suzie the turtle gave the turtle kids a dictation test. She gave the word “ball” to be written by the students. However what do you think Mr Basu saw more likely?

A.	Claudio wrote the word ball without any mistakes
B.	Claudio wrote dall instead of ball (This is correct. Colour in green)
C.	Claudio didn’t write the word 
D.	Claudio left the classroom

If correct- That’s amazing. People with dyslexia have a confusion over letters that look similar and put the letters the wrong way around such as writing d instead of b.
If incorrect- Not quite! (Repeat the sentence above)

2.	It was Library period at school and the students were asked to pick a book to read. However how do you think Claudio reacted to this? Help Dr. Basu.

A.	Claudio chose Harry potter to read. 
B.	Claudio told his librarian that he doesn’t like to read and asked whether he could go out and play.(This is correct. Colour in green)
C.	Claudio tore the book his librarian gave him
D.	Claudio hid behind a shelf of books

If correct- Amazing job! People with dyslexia do not prefer reading as it frustrates them. This is why they must be taught in more effective and innovative ways so that they come back to enjoy reading. 
If incorrect- Not quite! (Repeat the sentence above)(click next)
           
TWO DONE TWO MORE TO GO!

3.	The teacher Mrs. Suzie told the kids to remember the tables of 5 having explained the children a lot of times. How do you think Claudio did?

A.	Claudio is very efficient with tables of 5
B.	Claudio fails to remember tables of 5. (This is correct. Colour in green)
C.	Claudio answers back to his teacher. 
D.	Claudio left the class.

If correct- That’s amazing! You’re doing an excellent job! People with dyslexia have trouble remembering and memorising.
It must be ensured that they are made to love the subject and instead of memorising, help them remember things in a more creative way.
If incorrect- Not quite! (Repeat the sentence above)

4.	It was exam time and the paper was super easy. Everyone finished the paper in an average of 30 min. How do you think Claudio likely did on the test?

A.	Claudio did super awesome and finished the test in 15 min 
B.	Claudio couldn’t finish the test in time. (This is correct. Colour in green)
C.	Claudio retaliated at his teacher for giving the test
D.	Claudio slept during the test

If correct- Amazing! People with dyslexia find it hard to finish things on time and take more time to do their work or don’t finish their work in the stipulated timeframe. 

This is the story of what Claudio goes through at his school. Congratulations on helping Dr. Basu diagnose him very well and helping Claudio get the best treatment possible!
We need more people like you who understand other people and oneself helping everyone lead a fruitful life. People with dyslexia often show these symptoms of confusion, not being able to recollect,
spelling problems, avoiding reading being clumsy and more. There is lots of help out there in this app and in the world for such people and don’t miss out!!! I will meet you again in the stories in the future! We love you!
